When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

	The obvious situation when I would want to use a remote repository is when 
	I want to backup my project. This way, if I break my computer, the 
	commmits of my project will still be intact. Also, if I was collaborating 
	with others, I would want my collaborators to be able to access the 
	project; this would be hard to do if everything was stored just locally.

Why might you always want to pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	I might not want my local repository to be updated if others can 
	update/edit the remote repository. I might want to look at the changes 
	and/or discuss the updates with the individual.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you 
use one instead of another?

	Branches are alternative versions of your project in a certain repository.
	I would create a branch whenever I want to modify an individual commit, 
	especially in the situation when I don't want the main version of my code 
	to be immediately altered. 
	Clones are local copies of a repository in a remote location. I
	would clone a repository anytime I wanted local access to use and/or
	modify some project. 
	Forks are repositories on GitHub that are copies of other repositories on 
	GitHub. I would create a fork everytime I wanted a copy of a repository 
	that is currently on GitHub, especially in the cases when I want the copy 
	to refer back to the source and/or I want to publicly make updates to a 
	project when I don't have permission to modify the original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

	Having a local copy of a remote is valuable because it allows you to work 
	with a project that is stored in a remote location when you don't have 
	access the internet.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, 
and what would be harder?

	The only way that I would know how to collaborate in this case would be 
	to send files via email or something like Google docs. This process is 
	simple. On the other hand, collaborating using Git and/or GitHub seems to 
	have a learning curve, but appears to be more efficient once you learn how 
	to use the system.
